add SGJ21 info (#54)
lithekod/site-v2: website/pages/gamejam_en.md

The event will be held remotely in [LiU Game Jam's Discord server](https://discord.gg/eHgXYMS). 

# Spring Game Jam 2021

> It is soon time for this years edition of Spring Game Jam!
> It is time the 7th-9th May to take out the keyboards, drawingpads and microphones for a weekend filled with gamecreation.
> Because of persistent sickness throughout the world, this jam will be held remotely via [Liu Game Jam's Discord server](https://discord.gg/eHgXYMS).
> Also take a look at our [Facebook event](https://www.facebook.com/events/718957842117923) and join our [Itch.io](https://itch.io/jam/spring-game-jam-2021).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is soon time for this year's edition of Spring Game Jam!
It is time the 7th-9th May to take out the keyboards, drawing pads and microphones for a weekend filled with game creation.
Because of persistent sickness throughout the world, this jam will be held remotely via [LiU Game Jam's Discord server](https://discord.gg/eHgXYMS).
Also take a look at our [Facebook event](https://www.facebook.com/events/718957842117923) and join our [Itch.io](https://itch.io/jam/spring-game-jam-2021).
```

<h4 class="highlight">Where are your events held?</h4>

> **Due to COVID-19 events might be held remotely via the [LiU Game Jam's Discord server](https://discord.gg/tP2kDvgQKn), see the specific event you are interested in for more information.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Due to COVID-19 events might be held remotely via [LiU Game Jam's Discord server](https://discord.gg/tP2kDvgQKn), see the specific event you are interested in for more information.**
```

Reviewer 2: Den här är jag inte så säker på faktiskt. Låter lite konstigt att kombinera the med 's
